Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Uh, Gamora, when did we
get shag carpeting?
It's not carpeting, Quill.
It's Groot.
Oh, I hope we get him
to his home world soon.
The dude's getting more bizarre
by the minute.
Hey, give the sap-head a break.
He's happy.
Now that Warlock
zapped his World Pod,
he can hit the "reset" button
on his own planet.
Yeah, but did he have to
do it on my ship?
I am Groot!
Oh, what is that
abominable stench?
I am Groot!
Uh, we better eat up,
or things could get ugly.
What were the chunks?
Aw, come on.
The grass wasn't that bad.
Says the creature
that eats trash.
I am Groot.
This planet seems familiar,
like I've been here before.
Eh. You seen one scorched
cinder, you seen 'em all.
I am Groot!
What Mr. Sensitive here
means to say
is once he drops his World Pod into
some sacred pool in the royal palace,
it'll give the planet
an instant makeover.
I am Groot!
And his entire civilization will
sprout up and live once more.
I was getting to that part.
This isn't right.
There's someone else here,
or some thing.
Oh, come on, Gamora. What could possibly
survive in a burned-out pit like this?
Symbiotes!
Not the answer I was hoping for.
You Symbiote snot-bags ain't
taking over this body and brain!
Energy blasts won't stop them!
No, but cranking up
the tunes will.
One sonic blaster coming up!
Eat sound waves, slimeball!
♪♪ Soft pop rock...
No, no, no, not that one.
Cue track four.
No, no, six!
♪♪ Rock blasting...
♪♪
I am Groot!
♪ ♪
Drax, quit slicing and dicing!
You're just making more Symbiotes!
Yes, more enemies
for Drax to destroy!
We can't keep this up for much longer.
I know. Rocket picked
a really short song.
♪ ♪
My tunes!
I mean, Rocket!
Got bigger problems!
As in Rocket being taken over
by a Symbiote!
Run for it!
Whoa!
Hmm?
Uhh...
We won't save Groot's people just
to let 'em turn into goo zombies.
We have to get to the palace.
Groot, where is it?
I am Groot.
What, behind the scorched rocks?
I am Groot!
Perhaps you could be
a bit more specific.
Ohh...
Okay, okay, I get it now.
The palace is underground.
Dude, I saw something up there.
It saved my life.
- What if some of your people survived?
- I am Groot?
Quill, you saw what's
left of this planet's surface.
Nothing could survive that.
Giving Groot false hope
is cruel and dishonorable.
But... I saw something!
What is all this stuff?
I mean, it doesn't look
like Groot's style.
No. It's Thanos' style.
Now I know why this
planet looks so familiar.
This was where Thanos
first weaponized Symbiotes.
And I was one of
his test subjects.
No!
Thanos liked what he saw...
at first.
The feral rage,
mindless destruction...
I think it was the only time
I ever saw my father smile.
Until he realized
he couldn't control his...
weapon.
A Symbiote had to be
mechanically de-bonded...
painfully.
Thanos infected you?
On purpose?
He wanted a Symbiote weapon, so he turned
a burned-out planet into a laboratory
and... experimented.
No wonder you knew
so much about them.
When Thanos couldn't
control the Symbiotes,
he abandoned the planet.
And I swore I'd never come back.
I am Groot.
Groot, I never knew
that it was your home world.
I am Groot!
Whoa, whoa! Dude, don't
point that thing at me!
I had even less to do
with this than Gamora did.
That's not a weapon.
That's... the de-bonding device.
I am Groot.
Uh...
Oh, you want to fix it?
I am Groot.
The wrench.
Huh?
Hmm!
Show-off.
I am Groot.
You can't use
this thing on Rocket.
I barely survived it.
I think Rocket would pick that
over being a Symbiote puppet.
I am Groot.
I am Groot!
Clear!
Sorry, Rocket.
This is for your own good.
Don't move.
It'll hurt less.
I am Groot.
I am Groot?
Any of you krutackers
get the number of that freighter
that just ran me over?
I am Groot!
Okay. Okay. I'm alive.
For now, anyway.
Why would you not
be alive later?
You know how them Symbiotes are
all connected to a hive mind?
Well, that hive
is flargin' huge.
As in the size of the whole planet.
And they're all coming
after Groot's World Pod!
You're saying the whole
planet is infested with Symbiotes?
But how can there be so many?
Thanos chose this planet
because its soil was rich
with life energy.
He hoped it would allow
the Symbiotes to reproduce.
And now the d'ast things are
multiplying just like he wanted.
All crowding around that door, trying
to get in.
Fortunately,
I still got weapons.
Ha-ha!
Ah, flarg!
This is why I don't lend my stuff
to nobody,
let alone slimy,
krutackin' Symbiotes!
Actually, there is one
weapon we can still use.
Thanos had a fail-safe
in case he couldn't remove the
Symbiotes from his test subjects,
and they turned on him.
A doomsday device,
powerful enough
to blow up the entire planet.
Are you out of your mind?
This is Groot's home!
I am Groot!
I know. I know.
But we can't just leave
a planet full of Symbiotes
floating around the galaxy, waiting
for a ride to an inhabited world.
Sure we can. Look, we
go back to the  Milano,
and we leave the planet
exactly like we found it.
Not our problem.
Quill, that's the first sensible
thing you've said, ever.
I am Groot.
He wants you to know
he'd rather see his home world
destroyed than abandon it to...
Well, I can't exactly translate.
Let's just say he really
hates those slimeballs.
Okay, pal.
Your planet, your call.
There's an elevator that will take
us down to the doomsday device.
The main reactor
is in the large chamber,
but there are quantum charges
throughout these tunnels.
I'll say one thing for Thanos:
He don't skimp on the hardware.
I am Groot.
What? A guy can't have a moment
with a billion-taraton explosive?
I'm giving us 20 minutes
to get outta here.
If we ain't on the  Milano by then, the
slimeballs will have gotten us anyways.
You sure about this, bud?
I can't shut this thing down.
Once I hit this button,
there's no going back.
I am Groot.
It's gonna be beautiful.
Oh. Uh, sorry, bud.
Whoa, whoa. Okay. All right.
Everyone back up slowly.
Slowly. Okay, faster!
Let's go faster!
We're trapped.
Then we will make our stand
here and now.
Wait! Hold your fire!
Slashing, whatever.
I knew I saw something before.
These are the plant guys that saved me.
I'm sure of it.
I am Star-Lord.
I mean you no harm.
Ten to one it eats him.
See? It's all good.
Huh?
Aah!
Quill!
I am Groot!
Called it.
Kind of wished you hadn't...
Everyone stand down.
That's still Quill inside that Symbiote.
Yeah, well, the other
Symbiotes don't seem to give a flarg.
I... guess we
should pick a side?
I have picked.
Uh... thanks.
Work, you krutackin'
piece of flarg!
No sonics! You
will disintegrate our friends.
Killjoy.
I'm starting to think you
really are Quill in there.
We need you to seal off the
tunnel from the bad Symbiotes.
Oh, yeah.
Release me!
I am winning!
I'll show ya winning.
Yes!
Well, that's great,
as long as we don't
need to use the elevator.
Do not worry.
We have a plan.
Definitely Quill.
We are called the Klyntar.
We have been tracking your
movements, trying to help.
But the only way
we could communicate directly
was to bond with the one
you call Quill.
Hmph! How's that
working out for ya?
It is weird. But you have nothing
to fear from the Klyntar.
We are a peaceful race.
We lived in symbiosis with all the
different species of our home world,
until the one called Thanos took
us and vaporized our planet.
He processed the Klyntar to
remove the Klyntar's free will.
But it corrupted the Klyntar.
Turned the Klyntar feral
and full of rage.
The Klyntar you see before you
managed to avoid this fate.
We have survived against
the ferals for all these years.
But without hosts,
we cannot escape this world.
Yeah, speaking of escape,
we got about 14 minutes
before this whole planet
goes kablooey!
The Klyntar can lead you
to the  Milano,
and we can all leave
the planet together.
But we will require
your complete cooperation.
Hold on. If you're talking about
- bonding with these Klyntar...
- Agreed.
Wa-Wait! Are you out of
your shiny, green head?
Ha! We will enjoy this.
Bonding will make us all
strong enough to
fight our way to the surface.
It is, in the words of our host,
"pretty flargin' awesome."
You honor-swear that you will
release us once we're off-world?
This will suffice.
Uh, thing is,
I already bonded once today,
and I'm trying to cut back.
Maybe...
Maybe just the tail?
Fine.
Get it over with.
We like this much more
than that other Symbiote.
I am Groot.
Groot, you must trust
the Klyn... I am Groot!
We understand, and we
will respect your wishes.
We do understand.
We can hear
each other's thoughts.
We know, and your
thoughts are disgusting.
But since we share thoughts, we all
know how little time we have left.
Stay behind us, Groot.
You're the one they are after.
It is a long way to the top.
Good thing we can fly.
Clear!
We never knew you were so heavy.
No!
I am Groot.
We fear this Klyntar's injuries are fatal.
Or, as our host would say,
"It's bad, bud.
- Real bad."
- I am Groot?
There is only one thing that can
be done to save this Klyntar.
We are Groot!
Time is almost up!
We must get to the ship!
Get aboard the ship, Groot.
We will be right behind you.
I am Groot.
Quill, haven't you two
had enough of each other?
Someone must remain bonded
so the Klyntar can communicate.
How's the soil, bud? Good
enough to plant your World Pod?
I am Groot.
So there ain't no sacred pool here.
What difference does that make?
I am Groot.
Yeah, a billion millennia
is a pretty long time
to grow back
an entire civilization.
Then the Klyntar pledge
to share this world
as the guardians
and protectors of the Groots,
until both our civilizations can be
restored to their former awesomeness.
That's weird. I didn't think
this system had any comets.
That is no comet.
The Klyntar can sense it is
a fragment of Groot's planet,
infested with feral Symbiotes and
headed for inhabited systems.
Yeah, we should probably
do something about that.
Later, bro.
Congratulations, Quill.
You're the only human
to ever infect a Symbiote.
Guardians,
let's catch that rock.
I am Groot.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org